Hello friends today I bring you my youtube
first pancake and pasta with loquendo
remember that it is my first crepe and
pasta so it can not be that good
Now, let's start
metals rain one day as always
I was bored and I thought about buying a
game I went to the store but I did not
and it was also interested in anything so expensive
that I returned to my house di solved
until he gave me the idea of downloading a
I play for my computer but it was the same
all bits were not good they were down
they had viruses until I found a
page that said neither a metal slug that in
Spanish means new metal slug like
I was a fan of this saga, do not hesitate
downloading the page was a bit
strange was the black background with
red spots and even below said something
but it was not understood I did not give
importance and discharge when started
the download could not give him or cancel
pause all of a sudden he said he weighed 666
gigabytes I got scared but then it
happened to a gigabyte I got quiet
but not by much when I opened it by
true it was an ecce I heard a scream but
I thought it was from the house next door when
start the title said
metals cloud that in Spanish means
dead light metals or something like that x from I thought
that was a name that attracted attention
so I did not owe importance when I was going to
choose the character was chosen only to
tarma how did you know the game that was my
favorite character but then when
started it looked like metal slug x only
that more difficult and instead of soldiers
of green color were red and
When they died they shouted and it seemed that
screams were from the other side when I arrived
in the end there was no final boss but he
he saw that the soldiers ran out
the screen was distorted and put on
black like for a minute then
he returned the image and said that the mission
666 had started in place of the mission
two
I said web the fuck that mission was
very rare the red background and there was only one
straight road without obstacles or enemies
but by advancing they saw soldiers
dead disemboweled with realistic blood
and there were shouts from far away I was
scaring a lot when it came to the end
the character stopped he could not
control died without any reason
and I saw that they came as zombies almost
realistic to my character and they were
eating but all realistic with the
organs left I was very disgusted then
the computer restarted but without
no reason on the screen said know
your turn that in Spanish means now
it's your turn I got really scared and left
running from my house take a breath and always
when I'm sleeping at school in
free time all the time he heard
a whisper that says why because
you have done and from there you heard screams
chilling from that time I
trauma with metal slug and never ever what
I will play again
haha what did you think my first criticisms
it is already I know that it was not very good but
Well I was given the urge to upload it
forget to comment and subscribe
see you in another video chao